		Obfusciating Torrent Traffic 

			by Filip Kälebo
				(aka flipchan)

In sweden we have a company called "spridningskollen" which basicly represent 
alot of media companies and they have what i understood it as somekind of 
mass-Torrent-scanner of somekind, which is close-sourced. Anyhow these guys
are real assholes they collect Torrent swarm data and then send out Threats by
Letters demanding 2000kr(thats around 234 usd) for what they see as "stolen art".
So if they see a swedish ip downloading a torrent with anything file that the 
companies that they represent have created or has copyrighted they will contact
the isp for that ip and get the address of the person who is torrenting down 
the file and send that person a letter demanding 2000SEK or they will report
and up in court. This is basicly dmca badguys blackmailing regular people in to
giving them money or they will get go to court and open up a legal case against that person. 
Anyhow i have found a way around this useing my latest project called LayerProx.
Link: github.com/flipchan/LayerProx

So the problem is kinda that we need to secure the torrent traffic.
I think that they are connecting to torrent "swarms" and just collecting ips
but if that where to end up in court they will need proof from the isp that the person 
has been sending Bittorrent packets at that time to prove the legal case.

The way i solved this is that i wrote a socks5 support module to LayerProx that supports udp
so i can proxy Bittorrent traffic i then bought a vps and put up that as a tor relay and i 
have removed client ip logging from the LayerProx server so that you cant really tell 
if there is someone just useing tor that send packets from the server or if someone is 
downloading a torrent. So if Spridningskollen where to see the ip of my tor relay they
cant trace it back to the client. They can ofc trace it back to me because i have my nick
on the server (https://atlas.torproject.org/#details/AB8EE34C5CF3B6802DD1F4021FF015A463DF4572)
anyhow this would probelly not be enough to hold a case for against someone in court. Because there
is no proof that just that person where useing it due to the no ip loggging part.

The packets goin from the LayerProx client to the LayerProx server is being obfuscated to 
look like regular http packets for example i have implemented ebay format so that it will look
like someone is just useing ebay to look at products and so on. So the packets are encrypted and then 
obfuscated to look like regular http browseing data. The data just looks like a person is looking at
social media and so on. 

Why obfuscate/encrypt torrent traffic:
if this gets big there is a chance that the isp will block or atleast record all Bittorrent traffic.
And Torrents are used by alot of good company to distribute news and media of all kinds. So the worst
scenario is that the isp's block all torrent traffic. So encrypt like its 1984:) 

Special thanks to:
Kevin p dyer
2600
swedish and global infosec hacking community
